Update docs for API key functionality (#433)
astronomer/docs: astro/deploy-code.md

## Overview

This guide explains how to deploy DAGs to a Deployment on Astro.

> Astro makes it easy for your team to test Airflow DAGs locally and push them to a Deployment in a Production or Development environment. The following diagram shows how your Astro project can be packaged and deployed to Astro via the Astro CLI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro makes it easy for your team to test Airflow DAGs locally and push them to a Deployment in a production or development environment. The following diagram shows how your Astro project can be packaged and deployed to Astro via the Astro CLI:
```

Reviewer: @jwitz I sort of still feel like the architecture diagram still makes more sense below where we can really dig in... the line here that references it is probably an error/typo. WDYT?

This command returns a list of Airflow Deployments available in your Workspace and prompts you to pick one. Once this command is executed, all files in your Astro project directory are built into a new Docker image and pushed to Astro.

:::tip

> To validate your code before deploying it to Astro, you can run `astrocloud deploy --pytest`. The `--pytest` flag runs all pytests in your project's `tests` directory. If any of these tests fail, your code deploy will also fail.

Author: ```suggestion
To validate your code before deploying it to Astro, you can run `astrocloud deploy --pytest`. Adding the `--pytest` flag makes the CLI run all pytests in your project's `tests` directory. If any of these tests fail, your code deploy will also fail.
```

This command returns a list of Airflow Deployments available in your Workspace and prompts you to pick one. Once this command is executed, all files in your Astro project directory are built into a new Docker image and pushed to Astro.

:::tip

> To validate your code before deploying it to Astro, you can run `astrocloud deploy --pytest`. Adding the `--pytest` flag makes the CLI run all pytests in your project's `tests` directory. If any of these tests fail, your code deploy will also fail.
> 
> For more information about running Pytests, see [Test and Troubleshoot](test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md#test-dags-locally-with-pytest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As one way to validate your code before deploying it to Astro, you can run `astrocloud deploy --pytest`. Adding the `--pytest` flag triggers the CLI to run all tests in the `tests` directory of your Astro project with [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.0.x/). If any of these tests fail, your code deploy will also fail. This can help you prevent your team from deploying DAGs to Astro that aren't production-grade.

For more information about testing DAGs with pytest, see [Test and Troubleshoot Locally](test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md#test-dags-locally-with-pytest).
```

Reviewer: A little more color here. @sunkickr Is it proper to say `run pytests` or is it `run tests with pyest`? Something for our style guide 👀
